README.md, before:

# Cipher's Courtier Expansion v1.5 - Maintained by Countern
The original mod is created by "Magickarp" Cipher and can be [found here](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1878436818)

As of 2022-7-12, I will be patching up Cipher's Courtier Expansion mod to fix any errors and obsolete/deprecated codes.

## Installation Instructions
1. Click on the green `Clone` button located at the top right of the listed files
   * A drop menu should pop up
2. Click on `Download ZIP` to download the mod
   * Located at the bottom of the drop menu
3. Extract the content in the ZIP archive file to your Crusader Kings II `mods` folder (should be located somewhere in your Documents folder for Windows)
   * At this point, you should see a folder called `cipher-courtier-expansion-maintenance` folder in your mods folder
4. Open the `cipher-courtier-expansion-maintenance` folder
5. Move the `cipher-courtier-expansion-maintenance.mod` file into the `mods` folder where all the other `.mod` files are located
6. Done!

## Important Note
I am stumped on how I should proceed with filling in the missing localisation for the `trader_events.2` event since every single localisation keys do not exist. I also do not fully know what this event specifically does so I'm just going to leave it blank and hope someone knows what to fill in.

## Important References
* [Maintainer's Notes](https://www.github.com/Countern/cipher-courtier-expansion-maintenance/blob/main/MAINTAINER_NOTES.md)

Commit message:

Initial nomad optimization * Optimized some code    * Moving codes into specified scopes (if it exists) instead of shoving it into "any_" scopes and utilizing the "limit" condition block * Nomadic players becoming a courtier    * Kingdom Clan title is destroyed    * Nomadic capital holding is destroyed    * Player's government is set to tribal    * If independent, a random nomadic vassal will become player's new liege AND takes player's lands * Updated README.md with Branch Information and Branch Notes section

README.md, after:

# Cipher's Courtier Expansion v1.5 - Maintained by Countern
The original mod is created by "Magickarp" Cipher and can be [found here](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1878436818)

As of 2022-7-12, I will be patching up Cipher's Courtier Expansion mod to fix any errors and obsolete/deprecated codes.

## Branch Information
Branch Name: nomad-optimization
This branch will be used to test edited code for nomad compatiblity

## Branch Notes
* Work on hardcoded unlanded sons thing (succession_voting)
   * Unlanded sons appear because succession is not Gravelkind or Elected Gravelkind

## Installation Instructions
1. Click on the green `Clone` button located at the top right of the listed files
   * A drop menu should pop up
2. Click on `Download ZIP` to download the mod
   * Located at the bottom of the drop menu
3. Extract the content in the ZIP archive file to your Crusader Kings II `mods` folder (should be located somewhere in your Documents folder for Windows)
   * At this point, you should see a folder called `cipher-courtier-expansion-maintenance` folder in your mods folder
4. Open the `cipher-courtier-expansion-maintenance` folder
5. Move the `cipher-courtier-expansion-maintenance.mod` file into the `mods` folder where all the other `.mod` files are located
6. Done!

## Important Note
I am stumped on how I should proceed with filling in the missing localisation for the `trader_events.2` event since every single localisation keys do not exist. I also do not fully know what this event specifically does so I'm just going to leave it blank and hope someone knows what to fill in.

## Important References
* [Maintainer's Notes](https://www.github.com/Countern/cipher-courtier-expansion-maintenance/blob/main/MAINTAINER_NOTES.md)
